TF-M: Fix and document TF-M build issue with printf and heap (#11886)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

The issues in this section are related to the TF-M implementation in the |NCS|.

.. rst-class:: v2-4-0

NCSDK-22818: TF-M does not build with :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TFM_PROFILE_TYPE_MINIMAL` disabled and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TFM_LOG_LEVEL_SILENCE` enabled.

>   This will fail with the error: message "undefined reference to 'end'" caused by printf being included in the build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This fails with the error: message "undefined reference to 'end'" caused by printf being included in the build.
```

Can we change those single quotation marks ' ' to backticks ` ` ? Looks a bit odd as is.

Author: Not sure that is wise, backticks are intepreted differently and could have an affect on the doc build.

.. rst-class:: v2-4-1 v2-4-0 v2-3-0 v2-2-0 v2-1-4 v2-1-3 v2-1-2 v2-1-1 v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0

> NCSDK-22629: TF-M might fail to reset when using nrfjprog version 10.22.x on nRF9160 platforms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSDK-22629: TF-M might fail to reset when using nrfjprog version 10.22.x on nRF9160 platforms.
```

Author: Ok, I can fix this up also.
